today I'm going to show you an efficient
way to mark and so darts here we have
our fabric in our pattern piece here are
dots showing where the different sizes
of darts are on the pattern and it says
dart right there that's how you know
it's a dart the first thing I did was
poke holes in all of these circles that
way I could mark my dart right through
the hole instead of having to pull back
the pattern piece like this to mark the
dark now place the pattern piece in the
exact position on the fabric begin to
mark as you notice I'm only marking the
dots for the size 14 because that's the
size of boss I'm making the pen I'm
using is an airy ray cible pen makes it
very very easy to mark all of the
circles right in place after a day or
two it will go away but I do suggest
that you do test your fabric first to
make sure it'll go away properly crease
your fabric at the top and bottom darts
now place pins by each marking
at the top of the dark start barely off
of the fabric and gradually slant on do
not back stitch follow your stitching
through clear markings
then you gradually slant back out your
bottom dart thank you off of the fabric
here's the right side of our fabric with
a completed dark